# Freitas_Gabriel_URB_UY_3834_HW2
Assignment 2 Project/ 311 Noise complaints
# Assignment Summary Paragraphs
The areas with the most 311 noise complaints are the upper and lower, east and west sides of Manhattan as well midtown east. Additionally, West village, Chelsea, and the financial district all contained the highest amounts of 311 noise complaints.  All these areas contain the largest amounts of noise complaints, where most of the complaints are regarding some form of construction related noise. Another reason for some of these complaints may rely on the cost of living in these areas. Each district mentioned contains some of the higher cost of living in the city, where the average cost for a 1-bedroom apartment per month ranges from $3,000 - $4,000. Areas such as billionaires’ row are also situated near the complaint hotspots, thus leading me to believe some of the residents are not particularly happy with the amount of noise they must endure considering how much they pay to live in those luxurious neighborhoods. Another trend that is a little more discrete are the locations of complaints regarding loud music/parties. When observing majority of those complaint locations they are more situated by the water giving the notion that those who are enjoying themselves rather be located near an atmosphere by the water, and maybe even partying on boats. Another type of complaint that occurs surprisingly often are the amount of ice cream truck complaints. This is a guess, but it seems as though what ever ice cream trucks that are roaming the neighborhoods are clearly playing its music at an extreme volume and could maybe even be the same truck, but different complaints based off the route the truck travels. I would assume that this is most likely due to the overwhelming amount of noise the city produces, thus these trucks are essentially forced to be extra loud to be heard, but the trade off is the amount of people willing to file a complaint regarding the volume. Source: https://www.quora.com/Why-do-people-still-move-to-the-Upper-West-Side-of-Manhattan-given-its-current-problems-with-crime-rats-and-homelessness


When observing the initial data retrieved from NYC Open data, it is clear that majority of the complaints are all construction related. Thus, when approaching the new data that was collected, I wanted to see the active construction projects within the city to give better insight as to why there are so many complaints. The active project data that was collected include projects dating from the beginning of the 2021 year and were last updated on October 7th of 2021. After, retrieving the data and visualizing it, we can see that most of the active construction projects are located with in the areas of the highest 311 noise complaints. This gave a better explanation as to why so many constructions related noise complaints were occurring in such areas. Additionally, the other locations with some forms of active construction were also dominating all other forms of noise complaints. This made sense as to why such complaints were occurring so much as there are a lot of active construction sites within the city, which makes sense as construction is an extremely loud process. When summing the amount of active construction related projects within the borough of Manhattan, we have over 600 projects, which is not entirely accurate as many of the projects border the districts thus counting them in both. Regardless this means all the districts contain large amounts of active projects better describing why so many noise complaints are occurring. 
